[Workers] Show WebAssembly.instantiate() in global scope (#8608)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/wrangler/bundling.md

```js
import wasm from "./example.wasm"; // Where `example.wasm` is a file in your local directory

> const module = WebAssembly.instantiate(wasm); // Instantiate Wasm modules in global scope, not within the fetch() handler

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const instance = await WebAssembly.instantiate(wasm); // Instantiate Wasm modules in global scope, not within the fetch() handler
```

> const module = WebAssembly.instantiate(wasm); // Instantiate Wasm modules in global scope, not within the fetch() handler

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
const instance = await WebAssembly.instantiate(wasm); // Instantiate Wasm modules in global scope, not within the `fetch()` handler
```

Reviewer 2: Adding to the above suggestion

export default {
  fetch(request) {

>     // ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    const result = instance.exports.exported_func();
```
